[MUSIC PLAYING]
RICK LEVINE: The
astrological air signs are
Gemini, Libra, and Aquarius.
Air signs have to
do with thinking.
Air is the least physical
of the four elements fire,
earth, air and water.
Air is up in the air.
It's someone who's not grounded.
Air signs are intellectual.
Air signs have to do with
the movement of energy, which
often occurs as a thought.
So subtle, that it may not have
impact in the three dimensions
that we perceive.
In the Jungian modality air
had to do with thinking.
The air sign has to do with how
the mind processes information
and how we perceive things
and turn them into thoughts.
The first of the
air signs is Gemini.
I think of Gemini as the
tap dancers of the zodiac,
because Gemini, it's
always in motion.
There's an adaptability.
There's a changeability
to Gemini.
Gemini is the person
that can be absolutely
clever and funny one moment and
very serious the next moment.
Gemini is the person
who has words flowing
off his or her tongue
faster than they
can even think about them.
Geminis are the con
artists of the zodiac.
Geminis can be very clever,
and to use a British saying,
sometimes too clever by half.
Geminis can be so
clever that they avoid
things that are important.
But the idea of
Gemini ultimately
has to do with
engaging information
spontaneously, whether it's
this way, that way, up or down.
Gemini is always moving.
It's restless.
And that the basis
of Geminis, is there
adaptability and
their ability to move
with the changing events.
The second air sign is Libra.
And Libra is a cardinal or
season starting air sign.
Libra has to do with air,
with intellect, with thought.
But Libra is the balance.
And in Libra we're taking our
thoughts and we're weighing,
and we're judging,
and we're balancing
them against other thoughts.
Libra has to do with
the idea of beauty
as an intellectual function.
Libra has to do with an
idea of aesthetic values.
Libra is balancing and
weighing and judging,
and as this season starting
sign, or cardinal sign,
Libra will engage other people
to find a balance point.
Libra is the sign
of relationships.
Libra, because it
engages the other,
always has an inner and
an outer, a me and a you.
There's always
opposites in Libra.
In fact, there's
always opposites
in each of the air signs.
In Gemini, they're always
communicating with each other.
In Libra, they're
looking to find balance.
Libra as the original
shuttle diplomat, Libra
is looking to be the go between.
Libra people often
are great hosts
or hostesses because
they want to make
things OK for everyone else.
Libra is the sign
that intellectually,
mentally wants everything
to be perfectly in place.
And as such, it's
often associated
with art, because art,
everything has to be in place.
The interior designer is
using that Libran function
of trying to balance the harmony
of the inner and the outer.
Aquarius is the third
of the air signs,
and it is the fixed air side.
It is arguably the
weirdest of the air signs.
Actually, it's arguably the
weirdest of the 12 signs.
Aquarius is the water bearer.
And we want to think
of it as a water sign,
but it's an air sign.
You see, air contains moisture.
And Aquarius
represents that idea
that without moisture in the
air, without water in the air,
it can't conduct electricity.
We've all seen those
amazing lightning storms.
And in a lightning
storm, the electricity
sparks because it's held back.
There needs to be
dryness meeting
moisture in a lightning storm.
What happens with
Aquarius is that the water
comes through the air.
It's the intellect,
but it's the ideas that
are carried on the intellect.
Aquarius is also, arguably,
the most intelligent
of not only the three air
signs, but of all the signs,
because it's great
at taking the ideas
and expanding them to a fixed--
it's a fixed sign-- to a fixed
conclusion, which is universal.
So instead of talking
about love verses
hate, for example, in Aquarius
it's the concept of love.
Its universal principles, truth.
Whatever the
principal is, Aquarius
is going to take it to its
widest conceptual framework
where it actually loses touch
with emotions, with humanness.
It basically goes outward so far
that it just becomes an idea.
Aquarius likes to fit in.
And yet at the same time,
it's totally individualistic
and totally separate.
We think of Aquarius
as the non-conformist
because it has an unusual
take on everything,
but Aquarius is the nervous
system itself, not the messages
that are being carried.
Aquarius is the
distribution of information
throughout the entire universe.
So we have the three
air signs, each having
to do with thinking, each
having to do with intellect,
but in a different
phase of it, where
we have each of
them representing
a different type of thinking.
Aquarius being the
universal concepts.
Libra being making the
balance between two thoughts,
two ideas, or two people.
And Gemini being the dance
of constant interaction.
[MUSIC PLAYING]